one of the first steps in regards to
learning Lightroom is becoming familiar
with the interface so let's go ahead and
take a look one of the things you'll
notice is in the top left hand corner we
have the Lightroom logo this is called
the identity plate and then on the
right-hand side we have what is called
the module picker and here we can select
different modules and these are the
modules we've already talked about well
currently I'm in the library module and
here you can see that I have panels on
the left and right hand side and one of
the things that's interesting is that
we'll see panels in each of the
different modules now there'll be a few
similarities but for the most part each
module has its own set of panels for
example I'm going to go ahead and click
on the develop module and here you're
going to see that yes I do have a
navigator although these panels down
below are different let me click back so
that you can see the comparison in the
right hand side it's much more dramatic
right we have histogram quick develop
and then in the develop module we have
histogram than basic and so on another
thing that you're going to notice is
that in the two different modules we
have a toolbar down below this sits
beneath the image and here we have a
number of different options we can
increase the rating for this particular
image we can add a label and a few other
things as well now when I go back to the
library module you're going to notice
that I have different options here and
these options have to do with the
different ways we can view the images
compare them and a few other things as
well if I click on this icon here it
will take me to this grid view mode it's
a little bit of a smaller view and then
the loupe view mode is the icon right
next to it which is this larger more
zoomed in perspective well down below in
each module you'll be able to access the
film strip and the film strip is a
location where we have small thumbnails
of our photographs now you can increase
or decrease the size of the film strip
by simply hovering over the dividing
line right below the tool bar and
clicking and dragging up or on the other
hand clicking and dragging down now the
particular size of your thumbnails is
really going to be contingent
how many you have and your own
preference all right well let's take a
look at a couple more modules next we'll
look at the slideshow module and again
here you can see we have different
options on each side regards to our
panels and then we have the print module
which gives us some options for how we
can print the photograph and finally the
web module so as you can see navigating
between the different modules is
actually really simple the other thing
that I want to illustrate here is if we
go to the develop module you'll notice
that we have a number of different
panels on the right hand side that have
been collapsed now to open one of the
panels all that you do is click on its
name or the little triangle icon and
that will open the panel you can of
course close it the same way if you have
multiple panels open at once you can use
the scroll bar on the right hand side to
scroll up and down alright well now that
we know a little bit about the interface
let's take a look at some of the
essential interface shortcuts so that we
can navigate throughout the interface a
little bit more effectively